the demo process, really want to see it.
And we can get stuck just doing demos, and you don't want to pay for that. So…
Um, because this is all…
This is all time being billed to, so I want to be sensitive to that.
When it's appropriate, we'll show process maps and workflows.
really kind of demonstrating the art of the possible.
before analyzing the needs. So, there's, like, this preview of NetSuite that we walk through in that session.
And
then we go into our analysis framework.
And we have 4 steps there, so…
Basically, current state. Now, we kind of know this already, but…
So we're… we're trying to
find something that we don't know.
it's a little bit investigative. We want you to explain how you do… how you're operating. We know you're on core, we're familiar with core.
But you might be doing something different inside of Core that we haven't seen before, and I have run into this surprisingly.
Um, I had a dealer who doesn't even… doesn't import a SIF file to a quote.
They
don't do that. They don't do it until it's a sales order.
And I was like, that scene look, Matt, that you just have?
That's the kind of look I had of that, huh?
Um, I have wrapped my rounding grounded, but they had.
their own reason internally why they did that, but those are the types of things that we're looking for.
Want to understand your objectives and strategy for that particular process area, because I'm also thinking you probably want to upgrade.
During this implementation, so you probably have pain points that you're dealing with right now that you want NetSuite to solve. We want to make sure that we identify those.
Um, your requirements specifically, we'll be calling those out. You'll hear us.
during our talk, we're doing it for the sake of the transcript.
We'll say this is a requirement, and actually.
The way our system works is when we say some of these key words, they get flagged in the transcript.
And they can fold out, um.
You'll hear us mention specifically as the requirement.
Whether it's functional or technical. And the difference there is functional means.
You need to be able to do something in the systems.
Technical means something needs to be built for you to do it in the system, whether it's an integration or a customization or things like that.
Trying
to identify all this stuff during our analysis.
And typically, this is one and a half to two hours.
And, um, you guys are gonna determine the attendees for each session. We recommend SMEs, we recommend that you're careful about who you.
invite, um, I have been in sessions where it was just dominated by somebody who just kept asking questions.
Um, and that gets tough just because, again, this is all on your dime, so we want to be as efficient as possible.
So, it might be, at times.
appropriate for us to say, hey, let's take that.
Offline, and we're more than happy to spend additional time with somebody.
If
you did… if you deem it worth it.
I did invite all of you based off of what was provided in the document to me.
I think I got it right. I may have gotten it wrong, and if I got it wrong, I might be panicked dialing you to join, and I apologize for that in advance, but I think I got it right. But if I got it wrong, I'm sorry.
I'll apologize now, and I will bring you in.
Uh, and in the meeting.
And it also bears repeating that.
Like, these next 3 days, we're hitting… I think we're hitting all the process areas.
That is, like, kind of the first round of us going through the process areas. We only go a certain level deep.
in that this first round.
And part of it is we're identifying.
topics that we need to go deeper in in future sections.
And so, that's okay. If there's somebody who might not be in the meeting.
We'll make sure that in the next event.
And we'd probably end up doing that.
two, three, maybe four?
rounds, sessions, depending on which process area needs the most attention.
Until we get through, we feel like, okay, we've got all the requirements, we've had our side conversations about different topics.
And then we're going to move on to the deliverables for this discovery process. So, our deliverables are, number one, a BRD, or business requirements document.
for each process area.
So all those process areas I need, they'll have a BRD for each one.
We'll get that document to you, and you'll sit down with your team.
Um, we'll do a quick walkthrough with it, um, but that is… that document is meant to be a collaboration, so…
We'll turn on review… we'll go into review mode, we'll turn on…
track changes. You guys will add comments, we'll answer.
We'll have a back-and-forth conversation until.
All your questions are answered.
We might add things into the BRD that you want to see there, that's totally fine. Then eventually, you'll sign each BRD, and that really becomes our blueprint.
for implementation. Any customizations that we identify.
No matter how small or how large.
Even if that's just like, hey, I need… you need a simple saved search, or, you know, report inside NetSuite.
It might only take us 15-20 minutes to make, it still needs to be documented, so we'll have solution designs for each one of those as well.
Part of the artisan?
And then, as I mentioned, those next sessions will be scheduled for the deeper functional analysis.
Alright,
before I go into…
This next slide… I've been doing a lot of talking. Any questions up to this point?
West Coast Community Bank is covered in the bank feeds tab.
Okay.
envision the timeline for this discovery process with the 6 to 8 weeks you mentioned? Yeah, 6 to 8 weeks.
I kind of give a range, because…
Until we know you guys, how fast you move, and how busy you are.
It could go longer. It is one of those things where, like.
It's not one of the areas you ever want to take a shortcut on the implementation, for sure.
That's
important that we get it right. You mentioned
a lot of acronyms, I tried to write
them down. I'm
sorry, I hate
when people do that. EMR, or DRM? I might have screwed that
in. I was
like, that was the one I didn't hear. BRD? Business Requirements Document. Okay. BPQ, Business…
process questionnaire.
DSP…
SMEF, subject matter expert. Oh, subject matter expert, yep. SOW, we know that one.
Maybe I just read that down. Okay.
Thank
you for asking for clarification. I actually get frustrated when people use acronyms. I try not to do that.
So, uh… That's good jargon. Yeah, if
I do
it, we'll start
throwing furniture acronyms at you.
Every, every industry is… and actually.
I'm glad Gary and Janet are here. So, Gary and Janet, just so you know, like, a typical NetSuite implementation.
is very difficult.
As a consultant, you go into, you meet the client, it's usually a brand new industry.
brand new client, you have no context at all.
So their… their job is to learn the old industry, learn everything about the client.
Uh, and then they move on, and they do it all over again in a totally different industry.
all those acronyms, all the lingo, everything.
Um, so the idea for a consultant that they could get into and do a furniture implementation.
And then do another furniture implementation, then do another one. I'm a furniture expert, and.
gain all that knowledge and expertise, and then keep using it.
Pretty excited? Yeah, it's pretty cool. Makes life a lot easier for consultants.
I'm just
trying to wrap my head around…
But… and maybe we'll get to this later, but what are…
What are you looking for from each of the people here and the departments, and how can we best give you the information about.
what we're doing in our workflows, and also, like, even future goals for how we might be using this. When does that get mapped out so we can understand what our time commitment is?
Yeah, that's, like, in these sessions, actually. Okay. We'll have specific questions that we ask to kind of pull that information from you. Okay. And you'll have.
We want to hear from you. It's all about us.
asking those questions and learning from you. Specifically, how you're doing it now.
what your pain points are, what you're hoping that you're going to be able to change in this implementation.
And whether it's in Phase 1 or in a future phase, yeah, that's going to be all these discovery sessions.
Yep. You mentioned that you've already started some implementations. Have you found thus far that they…
those dealers operate
and work more similarly or more differently than you'd expect it.
Uh,
my… my expectation going into it was…
that you guys are all doing the same thing, but doing it differently. And that's pretty much the case. So…
When we build the software, we built it so it was very configurable.
So, it didn't force you to do things a certain way. So, um…
Yeah, and so we built it so it can kind of be… it's pretty flexible. Yeah. Now, the good news is…
Well, Gary, let me ask you a question. When you do a typical implementation.
How much, um…
the requirements are covered by NetSuite natively versus how much do you have to customize on a typical… on an average implementation? Yeah.
Um, I did some pretty
good ones.
pretty big implementations with manufacturing, so that's where the customizations typically come in.
Those could be 50-50 if you do it mostly financials, um, a little bit less, because you've got.
or functions that you're just looking to streamline a little bit with some workflows and automation and reporting.
Some
customizations are typically.
a core part of a NetSuite implementation, like, up to sometimes 50% of the implementation.
What we've done is we've kind of done all that ahead of time, right? We understand the business requirements, we built the software.
And now, as we're going through discovery with dealers, we're looking at maybe, like.
5 to 10%, I mean, it's so minimal.
And it's usually just small, like, particular report here.
Nothing structural to the software or anything like that, so…
Um, so if you… if you need stuff flow, that's… I mean, like, we're used to doing a lot, so…
For us, this is, you know, for consultants and software, this is easier for us. I think for me, that's one of
the things I want to see, is that you guys are sharing with us best practices.
And then we can kind of evaluate our processes to what you're showing us, and kind of in the middle. NetSuite is
always evolving. I mean, they're always putting out releases and adding functionality, and that's where we stay up to date on the bleeding practices that NetSuite recognizes, which we guide them that way.
Um, it's just there's sometimes specifically in manufacturing and some unique industries, where they're.
there's
just tied to the way they've always done it, and so…
If we try to steer away that selection. And I
don't think we have a slide for this, but our…
Align Adapt.
Dominique? I think we need to get a slide, but our… and we'll talk more about it in the session, but I'll give you kind of a preview of it.
Our approach to this, when we're going through these sessions, is.
The question that's going to be answered, and you'll see this all over the BRD.
Are you… does your business process already align to what we have inside of Orion?
Or, do you need to adapt to our business process in Orion, or do we need to accommodate something for your business process?
The reason why we would… we want to be open to doing that accommodation is because you might be doing something that's unique.
And that's causing you to win.
And it's a… it's a strategic advantage. Well, we don't want to force you to do it.
a certain way, and you lose that, we want to accommodate that.
Even in the… even in those cases, and I can think of a handful of them with dealers.
They're typically minor.
And we're more than happy to do it. So, but…
Those are… those are the things we are on the lookout for. We don't want to pursue it.
into a box that you could potentially lose that advantage.
Yeah,
please temperate myself.
Okay, so part of my role at KBM is to help our.
project teams really communicate out to the world why we're amazing, why we're excellent, and then also.
adapting and tailoring that message to what the client needs, and so much of what Orion seems to be.
tells the story of operational excellence. So for me, our team, I really love to know what resources are available to us.
Uh, to be able to kind of tell that in our own sort of narrative, and package it up in a way that aligns with what we do with Carlos, with brand direction in the KVM Hope way. So, I don't know if that's something that will come with fear, or maybe that could be part of another session.
Um, but it's really important to us to…
have that source information, so we can package it.
I'll let, uh, Chris…
probably a session at some point.
This
is kind of the marketing communication.
guru here. Um, the other thing, you mentioned operational excellence, and I totally agree with you. The other big win, I think.
for any client of your clients is the data security and privacy, especially in light of.
everything that's been happening. Um, my kids are out of school this week.
Because their school was hacked. Ransomware. And they only had 2 days of school last week, or no, they had a week, sorry, they had weeks.
But yeah, so it just… it keeps happening, um, these hacks that keep happening that, um, Oracle.
You
know, there's… there's probably…
probably one of the most secure platforms.
Has anybody impenetrable? No.
But you want to reduce your risk as much as possible.
having Oracle Data Centers does that. So, that's…
I think a good part of the story, and for your clients. The other thing I think will
come out eventually, that we'll be able to feedback to you from these sessions is.
when we go through those pain points, I believe that many of them will be linked to pain points that we've had with clients.
So, like, I'm already thinking about the type of invoicing that we have to do for some specific.
SOWs or MSAs, and, you know, right now that's a manual process. How do we make that a non-manual process? So then we can tell the story about.
how easy and efficient we are to do business with because of… Yeah, exactly. And so, we'll be able to outline.
specific wins for whoever the stakeholder is in that.
position on the client
side. Well, that's my goal on
this… in all of this. Yeah, great.
And I'll just share…
Before going into the NetSuite consulting full-time, my industry experiences.
Operations Supply Chain Excellence, and that's what I was doing for you.
for different industries, so I look at things from a…
from a lean operational accidental standpoint, that's just the way my brain works, and…
So I try to steer those conversations around.
What are you… what are you trying to accomplish here? Especially on smaller companies growing into a NetSuite platform, or…
recently purchased by a new investor into private equity. Those are a lot of.
what I've done, and it's a change. So, um…
So yeah, a little challenge the why.
Very good. Alright, let's talk about the overall…
implementation methodology.
As I mentioned, we call it DREAM, uh, just because it's easier to remember.
And… Mark just loves this kind
of stuff. I do.
So, discovery. Comprehensive business process analysis requirements calories. So that's what we're doing.
You know, and just moving… one more statement about discovery, really, it's almost like a validation process now.
just a typical discovery process is from scratch, like, I don't know anything about you, I need to ask every single question.
Um, about you. And that's not what we're doing, really. We're… we know… we know you.
We know what software you're on, um, we know your requirements. It's more about validating those requirements, identifying potential gaps.
Then we go into the realize phase, and this is where we start doing the system configuration. As I mentioned, or actually, as Matt mentioned, it's pre-configured system.
So we have a suite of suite apps. I think there's 5 of them that we install into your account.
And we begin the configuration process of that, because there is some configuration that needs to be done.
One of the very first things I'll mention earlier is chart of accounts.
You gotta get that in right away. We'll talk about chart of accounts today.
And then any of the solution designs.
that need to be worked on, that we identified during discovery, we'll start working on families.
The realized phase is probably the lightest phase for you guys. We're…
We're happy, we're doing the majority of the work.
So, we're going to spend a lot of intensive time with you during discovery.
We're gonna kind of step away, do a lot of work during Realize. We will do a couple walkthroughs of the system with you, just so you can get familiar with it.
So, with that, um, something to start thinking about now is, from an system administration standpoint.
Um, start thinking about who that system administrator is going to be.
There's a couple things. I think we got them?
Maybe if you have one or two, um, but…
start… you can start thinking about, like, understanding the platform, um, user roles and permissions, those are just…
some of the things we'll start talking about and walk you through during Realize.
And then we move on to educate. That's the real heavy phase for you guys. That's where we're doing process walkthroughs.
End user training, UAT.
change management preparation, that's really heavy phase. That's the bulk of the implementation for you guys.
The naturalize is when we go live.
It's when we actually are live on the platform.
And we will have a go-live strategy, but our best practice and our recommendation is.
Not a hard cutover, but a date where you start doing new business in the system.
Now, whatever projects you have in flight, in core, you run out.
And… usually at this point, I hear, well, we have projects that go on for a year.
And that is a problem. So…
We started to strategize about, well, are those phased? Is there a point where you can stop at a certain phase?
pick up the phase inside of NetSuite.
Um, so hopefully there's just some… I'm just planting some seeds here, some things to think about.
Um, but I'm sure you probably want to minimize how long you're paying for two licenses.
So, some things to think about there. But I will just say, we really…
don't
recommend a hard cut over.
Where you try and recreate all your projects in flight inside that suite. It is extremely difficult and time-consuming.
Um, to rebuild all that. Yeah. Can
I break bad news right now, too, for everybody?
So, when we do cut over.
Um, we are going to bring data from CORE.
But it is not going to be as easy to go through as what you're used to finding as books. There's going to be an archive, you're going to have to go to that archive and pull up archival information.
Uh, so I just want to put that out there now.
Both in the morning process, go through the panic process, everything will be there, you will have it, but it will not be just like, boop, boop, boop, typing in a number in one.
when don't it pop up the way you're used to seeing it?
Yeah,
that's the reality of re-implementing.
We're always maintaining
two systems in medicine.
The
player
speaks a
lot of that duplication.
Like,
that you've
been seeing.
You mean for as, like, how long you run it out? Yeah. Yeah, like 6 months.
Pretty typical, yeah.
Yeah, and if you have projects that go longer at that point, I would say, like, yeah, if you figure out a good place to cut that off, and…
And recreate a part of that.
project. The other… the other challenge here is the financial consolidation.
So
that's a real challenge. So…
Reimplementation is messy for, like, a year.
Because of that financial consolidation. So, Lorraine, it looks like you've already thought about that, and you've already accepted that. I've been through this a couple times. Yeah, okay, so you know.
Uh, we will have a go-live checklist, um, it'll be up to you if you want to have us, uh, on site.
Or go live, um, that's an option. Otherwise, typically what we do is we have, um.
Our team opened up a Microsoft Teams channel and just leave it open all day long, so we're available to you, um, to help with that, um.
If anything comes up during life.
And then maintain or maximize, I can't remember which one, I guess we're used to maintain, um, but kind of that ongoing support and the growing of your evolution on the platform.
So, we do have a sweet care program, and that gives you, um.
Well, first, let me say, you have 30 days of.
Postal life support, part of the implementation.
After that 30 days.
then you'll have to… it's some type of suite care.
managed services for ongoing support, whether that's a bank of hours or managed services. We can talk more about that.
But I can also tell you this, our philosophy is we want you two to be self… self-sufficient on the platform.
So, we're not going to do things.
in
such a way that, um.
just to try and get billable hours out of you going forward. We really want you to own the platform and understand it.
be able to operate in it. I
have to pay $250 to change my address?
I
know sometimes I've heard things before it's hard to make.
changes to reports and stuff like that. It's very easy in that suite. We're going to show you how to do all that.
We're currently in Skype.
All right, so… discovery phase. I think I've opened this up to 6 to 12 weeks, but I think we originally talked 6 to 8 weeks, but we're going to target.
somewhere in there. And then
those other phases, everything else is TBD.
And the reason why it's TBD is because, really, at the end of discovery.
we kind of reset expectations for the rest of the project. Once we kind of really finalized what's going to be in the project.
So you'll have a project, um.
scope document, you'll have the BRDs.
You'll have the data migration strategy.
Um, and then we'll have a really clear idea of when the go-live's going to be, and all these things in the timeline.
and then some other information I've kind of already touched on.
I
go into detail here.
We don't have to go into any more detail. I talked about this a couple of times, but you'll have, um.
access to this, uh, in PDF, so you'll have all this as well.
Project
plan, statement of work.
business
requirements document, data migration strategy.
So that is kind of the project kickoff.
then we can move in at some point. I don't… what time did we have?
The next session's 10.30. So we're a little
bit early, but let's open it up for some questions.
other than CORE, what other things are we looking at this
replacement? We currently use, you know? So,
other than core, it would also replace Zendesk.
It would also, um, replace.
Hopefully, any of the outsourced reports that we're doing manually.
The Excel reports, um, correct?
What's that? Keep working with documents. Workload documents would go away, project tracking sheets would go away, time entry would be incorporated.
You're still running Asana, we would run project timelines through.
Um,
NetSuite.
But if we don't use Asana for timelines, which is for task management.
We
would move all the task tracking into…
That's sweet. What about RFP data?
RFP data,
we would still house outside of NetSuite.
Things that we're creating ourselves, like marketing materials, or…
visuals or anything like that, we're gonna, uh, have that outside of bed.
The hope is, is, okay.
Uh, Shanna, I need a new order open, or a new project started for Intuit San Diego.
Shanna creates a new, uh, project for me, and then, because that's a set account, we already know who the team is.
the whole team is uploaded into that.
We could also have a set.
project list of tasks that need to happen, and those could be auto-assigned based off a role. Like, it just goes on and on and on.
If I'm Ravina, I can log into the… my dashboard, and I can see, oh, I have these new projects that need to be assigned based off of what was started. Like, it just…
All the crap… sorry, it's not crap. It is. All the minutiae that is in a Smyrna Excel spreadsheet, some are in a Google Sheet, some are in a Word doc, some are in a Google Doc, some are in…
on your desktop, some are… I don't know where the hell they are. Like, in a Zoom chat, like, all of that gets moved into a central location.
And we assign work and evaluate work based off of what's in NetSuite versus what's in an outside report.
Because the outside report is only good as what somebody manually made it to be.
Um, time
tracking, billable hours, non-billable, all that data.
All that data's in that suite.
The
outside reports are not…
They're outdated as soon as you create them. They're not real-time. So if I
wanted to go look at hours, I don't know what the platform is, but we could have it set up where I go to that project number.
And on the top dashboard, it would tell me how many hours were sold, how many hours have been used, and what the amount of hours are left on it. And
you can still export this data to manipulate, right? You can do whatever we want with it, yeah.
But
the goal is to…
They're going to present it to someone outside the system, sure, pull it, make it pretty, show it.
But for us to, like, make decisions, we're gonna stay in that suite.
Yeah. It's also going to attach to things, so right now we use Expensify, we might be looking at a different platform for expenses.
But those connect to one another, so it reduces the workload. Because right now, when you submit an expense report.
KIP approves it, he downloads an Excel spreadsheet, Kevin uploads the Excel spreadsheet, and then manually matches everything so that it can be reconciled.
all the little things that we can't do with core, because Core says they're an open system, but they're really not an open system.
Um, NetSuite will attach to whatever we want it attached to.
The only caveat is, is everything we attach it to comes with a cost. So, it will do whatever we want. It's just like what we tell our clients. You can have whatever you want.
You're willing to spend the money to have it. Hey, Lobsterny go away?
Payless does not go away. Yeah, we will keep HR separate. And that's what… I mean, Halosity might go away because we're evaluating different HR platforms, but there will be a paylocity-like system separate than NetSuite. Got it. Yeah. So will our documents still live in Drive? Our documents will still live in Drive, but you'll have the opportunity to link.
the drive link directly into the project folder, so when you're in NetSuite, you could just click on the link and it'll take you to the project filter.
Right? Did I remember seeing that?
Am I making that part? I think it's actually a little bit better than that, because… you're talking about Google Drive? Yeah. Okay,
so you guys aren't on SharePoint? Have you seen… have you found out that we're anti-Microsoft?
There must be a certain
view story behind that, too, I'm kind of curious, but, um, do you mind, like, does it… Yeah, Billy…
Integration Islam
is tight with it.
So
when we're setting up folders, we could copy and paste the link directly in and have a spot where the link lives, and you can click the link,
I would imagine. Easily, but we have an even tighter integration where, like, the folder structure is visible inside NetSuite, and you can.
bi-directional link, so you can, like…
As we go through discovery, maybe people will be more on board with SharePoint. I don't
know, I doubt it, but… Which is great, actually, I
had to double-check. All of our client-facing decks and all that we do in Google Slides and Google Suite, so we actually moved off of Box into Google Drive, so.
That we're not paying for something twice, basically. Yeah. Well, boxes would say,
oh my gosh. Yeah. And they're not…
helpful. Alright, yeah.
So… For, uh,
financial data, how far are we going back?
I love,
um, historical records may be recorded.
Back
to, like, 2010, maybe.
Well,
in this instance, it goes back to 2017. Yes.
You have a cutoff?
So, the typical… and we'll have a whole session on data migration, but the typical process is end-of-the-month trial balances.
imported into the system for the past two to five years, but it's… they're just CSV imports. You can do tiny if you wanted to.
That's totally up to you. I mean, if it's…
If you go back to 2017, I would… I would do all of it.
Back to 2017, so you have the period over period for
you. And we technically can go back to 2000…
teeth? They're like…
5? When did we switch to
4.1? No, no, it was…
I don't know how far… We still have to…
We have the KBM workspace and the Hogan. Hopefully doesn't
go as far
back as ours did. Ours went back to 5, I believe.
or 5. But, I mean, at that point, that information's just a liability. Access to that, so that
we can… We were
going to
export that
information, and it is going to go
to an archive, but it's not going to be through court.
Okay,
that's fine, I just wanted
to talk about
you would be able to link it up.
That's a
decision that Lorraine needs to make, and it's a finance leader of how much information she wants to hold onto. As someone who…
threw away a warehouse of paper two years ago? Like, I'm fine getting rid of everything we possibly can. We actually use
that data a
lot on the RFP side and on the interview side, when we have to make the case for, like, how much business we've done in a certain sector, or with a client, or…
Yeah, that's all gonna still be there. Okay. Yeah.
That
kind of leads into a question I had. It's just not going to be…
In the same lookup, it's gonna be separate. Yeah, go ahead, Kim.
If it's too much… if it's something you want to divulge, you don't have to, um, obviously. How many of the implementations that you've done are core users, and.
I'm assuming that in that process, that CORE themselves will have to play some minor part in it, as much as we don't want them to. We do have access to the back end.
So we can avoid them as much as possible, but likely they're gonna… obviously, they're gonna know that this is happening, and they probably will have to be involved in some capacity.
How many implementations have you done that, of course, people, and how willing to play ball were the core people?
When they found out that this
was happening. Yeah, so probably about 80% are poor, and we have a strategy for how to ask for information from the core without.
tipping them off. So, and then we also have a tool that extracts some of the data from the core database, prep it for.
data migration. So, Joe Keller, um…
who's on our team has the tool, and he…
has a very specific way of reading the email.
get access to the data. Are you guys on Core Web?
Yeah, 4Web, yeah,
we also have SQL in them.
Oh,
uh, access. We have backdoor access. Oh,
so you might
already be
able to set that? Yeah. Yeah. Because that's basically what you had in the past. We asked for that
when we were looking at integrating… what was the report software? Why did you look at, Kevin?
Yes.
Yeah, we had to ask for it because it's just one of the reasons we're making this change.
We needed access to the database because.
it happens so frequently that we would need the most basic information from CORE, they could not get it. Yeah. So we have to go in the back door, pull it out, and then manipulate it.
Yeah, so I think you guys are already set, then, as far as… Good.
I don't think you're… I don't think you'll need any involvement with them.
I'll double-check with Joe, but… I have to go spend time with him in a few weeks, and I have to keep my mouth shut.
It's gonna be really interesting.
Okay. I would like to wrap up, just so we have a little break between sessions, but if anybody has any other questions.
Um, please send them our way, we'll add them to the parking lot, we'll get a response back to you.
either in your session that you're part of.
Or, uh, software, baby.
Thank you, everybody, for the time. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.
Thank you.